First, why are you here watching my course?
Maybe you are a new analyst and want to discover a more
technical perspective to your role, or you are currently an analyst,
but ready to learn more.
Not sure what a technical BA is?
Maybe you are wondering what tools or methods should a TBA know.
Are you struggling with the challenges of the communication gap
between the business and technical teams?
Maybe you're looking for guidance and career planning.
Maybe this is a new direction you would like to explore.
Do you really want to be a technical business analyst?
Maybe you are a financial, data,
or business analyst today and just want to check out what a technical BA is.
Are you wondering if there's a role of a technical
BA in the agile and sprint world?
Or, maybe you're just plain curious.
If you can relate to one or more of these questions, or looking to improve your skills, then this course is for you.